docs: Improve examples/cdk/README.md (#467)
awslabs/aws-lambda-powertools-typescript: examples/cdk/README.md

# AWS Lambda Powertools (TypeScript) examples in CDK

This is a deployable CDK app that deploys AWS Lambda functions as part of a CloudFormation stack. These Lambda functions use the utilities made available as part of AWS Lambda Powertools (TypeScript) to demonstrate their usage.

> The example functions, located in the `lib` folder, are triggered automatically when deployed using the CDK construct defined in `lib/example-function.ts`.

Reviewer: Minor suggestions:
- replace triggered with "invoked"
- specify that they're invoked twice

The reason why I think the second point is relevant is that it'll allow customers to see different logs/metrics/annotations on segments based on when the execution had a cold start or not.

## Deploying the stack

 * Navigate to this location of the repo in your terminal (`examples/cdk`)
 * `npm install`
 * `npx cdk deploy --all --profile <YOUR_AWS_PROFILE>`

> Note: Prior to deploying you may need to run `npx cdk bootstrap aws://<YOU_AWS_ACCOUNT_ID>/<AWS_REGION> --profile <YOUR_AWS_PROFILE>` if you have not already bootstrapped your account for CDK.

Reviewer: Here I'd also specify that we are using CDK v2 and as such the user needs to have `cdk` installed on their machine.

Author: okay so ditch npx and assert an installed CDK v2

> 

Reviewer: Here I'd also add a notice similar to the one in [`CONTRIBUTE.md`](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-lambda-powertools-typescript/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md?plain=1#L73) about needing a valid AWS Account but most importantly about the fact that deploying this might incur in costs.

## Viewing Utility Outputs

> All utility outputs can be viewed from the CloudWatch console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All utility outputs can be viewed in the Amazon CloudWatch console.
```

 * `Logger` outputs to Logs > Log groups
 * `Metrics` outputs to Metrics > All metrics > LambdaPowertoolsTypeScript-CDKExample

>  * `Tracer` outputs to  X-Ray traces > Traces

Reviewer: The term "outputs" is technically incorrect as none of the utilities interacts directly with either CloudWatch or X-Ray. I'd rephrase this section to convey that these sections you mention are where one can find these outputs instead (without specifying _how_ they get there).

# AWS Lambda Powertools (TypeScript) examples in CDK

This is a deployable CDK app that deploys AWS Lambda functions as part of a CloudFormation stack. These Lambda functions use the utilities made available as part of AWS Lambda Powertools (TypeScript) to demonstrate their usage.

> You will need to have a valid AWS Account in order to deploy these resources. These resources may incur costs to your AWS Account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will need to have a valid AWS Account in order to deploy these resources. These resources may incur costs to your AWS Account. The cost from **some services** are covered by the [AWS Free Tier](https://aws.amazon.com/free/?all-free-tier.sort-by=item.additionalFields.SortRank&all-free-tier.sort-order=asc&awsf.Free%20Tier%20Types=*all&awsf.Free%20Tier%20Categories=*all) but not all of them. If you don't have an AWS Account follow [these instructions to create one](https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/create-and-activate-aws-account/).
```
